How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Much faster than manual

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    See difference, know where/when to back-track

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Seeing the history

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Projects have multiple, dependant files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    No idea about log. diff finds differences

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Can always go back

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Ruling the world.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You can see where/when things changed and pull back old bits as needed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	EAsier to sort though commits with logical breaks. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git assumes programming, other don't.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log shows the history, git diff shows the difference between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	I know I can go back to when it worked

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Fuck knows

	